By order of the Governor's wife, please refer to the order of the Governor
A poor guy with a street stall
It's enough to provoke the four great families in public
The governor's wife is here
I don't care about the Governor
He also said that he wanted the Governor to kneel and talk to him
Gee, I don't think he's crazy
He's tired of living.
Crazy women like him don't get beaten to death
Intercept the hatred in our hearts
Sister, what did you do to Qinghe?
Yuning, you don't know
It's him. He's carrying you.
He seduced my brother
He knocked my brother out.
He cheated my brother out of a lot of money
He also said that my brother asked Xiaohui to marry his daughter
I'm in a hurry
I will wake up Li Xiaomu Qinghe for you
But I didn't expect it.
He didn't know whether to live or die
Run to the neighborhood to make trouble at night
Ouch this kind of thing
No wonder they are so brave
How dare you?
So you helped the Governor?
It's going to be fun.
Hey, look at the green hair yesterday
His face turned green
Dare to talk nonsense again
gossip
I ate your mouth!
But what are you waiting for after robbing your man?
Just kill him!
Kill him!